Add more isolation policies and fix other errors. (#90)
xsleaks/wiki: content/docs/defenses/isolation-policies/_index.md

# Isolation Policies

> This section contains our proposition of the deployment of the introduced defenses, called Isolation Policies.

Reviewer: I'm not going to focus a lot on the language, but the first sentence here is phrased a little awkwardly. Maybe instead:

```suggestion
This section describes proposed defenses against different kinds of cross-site interactions, presented in the form of _isolation policies_:
```

> * To defend against cross-site framing with [Fetch Metadata]({{< ref "../opt-in/fetch-metadata.md">}}), check [Framing Isolation Policy]({{< ref "./framing-isolation.md" >}}).

Author: This is only introduction to the article, so I wouldn't want to limit ourselves there to specific types of the attacks. At the end of the day, it might serve the same purpose as `frame-ancestors` or `X-Frame-Options` by extending it with some control, correct? 

Instead, I improved the introduction in the section in the Framing Isolation Policy article to make sure to highlight the differences with Framing Protections. 

https://github.com/xsleaks/wiki/pull/90/commits/9e21caf075754050275dedcc13116927a93bd05e
